What is the title of your repository?
ASVG-LOGO-MKAKER


What is the purpose of your project and how would you describe it?
The purpose is to build a Node.js command-line application that takes in user input to generate a logo and save it as an SVG file. The application prompts the user to select a color and shape, provide text for the logo, and save the generated SVG to a .svg file.

Are there instructions on how to install the application?
What are the steps for installation?
Step 1: Install node.js. Step 2: Install npm. Step 3: Install the modules fs, inquirer and util. Go to your terminal and type in npm install + module name. You are now ready to use the application.


Are there instructions on how to use the application?
Describe how to use the application.
Step1: Your index.js file should contain an async function for inquirer prompts. These prompts should include text (up to 3 characters), text color, shape, and shape color options. You can also add border and border color options if you would like. Step 2: Once your index.js file is created, open terminal in it's directory and type in node index.js to run the question prompts.


Do you have any media to include?
Insert your local media url (eg., ./graphics/screenshot.png)



Can your project be tested by other developers?
Explain how other developers can test your project.
Go to ./svg-logo-maker/library/tests. Developers can run npx jest <circle, square, and triangle>.test.js to run tests that have been currently setup.

Are there any contributers or would you like any outside contribution to your project?
Provide information (who & how) others have contributed to your project.
Below are links to resources I have used to help build this project. If you have any thoughts or would like to contribute, please let me know by email.
